The Joe Rogan experience. It's a great time in the sport though.
There's so much exciting, so many exciting, possible matchups.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> are you, uh,
what do you pump for like when you look at the, the, like the, the UFC,
the straws? Yeah. All everything.
Or just everyone. Well, the straws.
You have to be paying attention to the title fight. Yeah. Yeah. Next.
Month rather. Yeah. No, I'm definitely paying attention to that. Um,
were you surprised.
When you watched Whaley and, uh, Jessica, Dr.
Not really. Like, um, the thing is like, I,
I was catching and Dr. When she would run in and it wasn't
until the third round that I decided to, uh,
use elbows and I I'm pretty sure I dropped there third round and
she popped right back up. But like ever since then, I noticed that like,
she would get hit, like she would get hit and rock, like in the,
in the TA's fight, like Tisha isn't known for having like knockout power,
crazy hands, but she dropped her like a good, like two or three times in the,
in the TA's fight. Um, so I could see that chin was getting touched.
Well, you remember the Yoani and J check fight. She just,
she ate a load of shots in.
That fight. Yeah. But it didn't look like she was getting wobbled no, as much.
No. Um, but maybe she did because like,
when she came back and fought Tisha,
she was like going like wobbly leg, like every now and then,
then like, eventually she closed the distance and took her down, but it's like,
she sacrifices her chin to get that distance. Right. You know, and like,
same thing with the rose fight, she was getting picked apart the entire time,
sacrificing her head to get in and get the throw or whatever.
And then finally, like you, you know, gave out on her in the way Lee fight.
Yeah. So I wasn't like super surprised. I wa I was, I, I mean,
everyone was surprised, so I won't say that,
but I did see that coming eventually. Like, I'm like,
eventually someone's gonna put her out just because it's not just a person's
power that she's fighting,
but it's her pressures so aggressive and she's coming in so hard.
So it's like her force versus the other person's punch when they connect,
like she's knocking herself out essentially. Yeah. So, um, so yeah,
like I wasn't super surprised. And like, that was, that was what my,
what I thought would happen when I fought her. Like, I,
I didn't go into that fight thinking, oh man, this is gonna suck. You know,
I was like, dude, I can catch her.
Like she drops her hands when she comes forward, like my,
I can strike going backwards. Like I know I'm gonna catch her. And like,
I can put her out because of the way she strikes.
So I've always seen that her hands were a bit sloppy,
even though she's super aggressive.
And the fact that she's so aggressive gives her that much success. Like you,
you can't ignore the fact that she's punching you as much as she is,
but it's still like very offensive and like
with zero defensive mind. So, you know, so yeah.
I wasn't like super surprised when someone finally did drop her, but,
you know, I, I hadn't really seen that much of a Whaleys Ang. So,
so I was surprised that she was able to get the title that, that fast.
Have you ever seen her strength and conditioning routine that she does? No, I.
Haven't for.
Goes hard. Yeah. She goes hard. It's pretty wild. It's pretty wild to watch.
It's very inspiring.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> how do you feel like she matches up with Yoanna cuz that,
that fights real that's real soon.
Um, I, I think it's gonna be, uh, I think it's gonna be an even match. I think,
uh, she has a lot of output. I think she isn't afraid to go to the ground.
Um, I saw that and when she fought Tisha, um,
they had like a lot of crazy scrambles.
She had good reverses for like Tisha's take down attempts and stuff and um,
and yeah, just think it's gonna be like,
she's gonna force Yoanna to move and to react more than most people.
I think like, as long as she's like, I haven't really seen, I haven't really,
um, paid attention to like how much head movement she has,
but I do know that she just throws a lot of volume and wherever the fight goes,
she seems comfortable. So I've never seen her in a spot where she looks like,
oh, what do I do here? You know,
like you see people freaking out against the cage or freaking out when they get
to taken down and she seems to flow.
She has that athletic flow through everything. So yeah,
that's the one thing I think she has, uh, going for.
But I do think Johan's reach is what's made her so dominant.
She's a big old girl, like, uh, watching her fight and draw.
There was a moment where like she's pushing and draw up against the cage and she
looks like a big old, like praying Manti. <laugh> like, you know,
like just like bit someone's head off, like,
and drag looks like this little thing.
So like she's a big girl with a really long reach,
really long legs and everything. So I think I'm kind.
Of surprised to see her back at one 15 cuz.
She really dude I was too well.
I was gonna try to like fill in in that last minute. Uh, I don't know if you,
you heard, but it like kinda, uh, upped my like,
I don't know, like props or whatever when she was about to fight Michelle,
there were rumors that she wasn't gonna make weight.
And so people were scrambling and then my manager, well, uh,
yeah, I think I could talk about that.
My manager <laugh> hopefully fingers crossed my manager, got the call, like,
Hey, um, Hey man, I'm, I'm just worried about this Yoanna fight.
And my manager was like, whoa, I bet Angela would take it. If,
if you guys wanted a fight and he was like, seriously and he is like, yeah,
she's crazy. I was there cornering, uh, my, uh, my teammate,
Lauren Mueller at the time. So I was there chilling. Uh, where were we Atlanta?
I think maybe I forget where it was. It might have been Atlanta,
but I was there chilling, cornering my friend and um,
and then my manager calls and he is like, Hey.
And it was like that time of the night that, you know,
it's a fight offer <laugh> so he was like, Hey, what time is that?
What time is it was like, it was like maybe 11 ish or something.
So weird's going on? Yeah, it was like 11:00 PM. And I was like, who?
And he like, he's like, would you fight Yana at 1 25?
And I was like. Yeah. <laugh>. And I was like,
I was probably walking about 1 25 at the moment. Like, and if they,
I think we were talking back or he was talking back and forth and he was like,
well, what about Michelle at one 15?
He just wanted to know just so we can relay the message. I was like, yeah,
just let me know. So I can like cut weight or not cut weight, you know?
So I was sitting,
waiting for waiting for the call and then the rumors got like blasted and then
people knew my name was in it for some reason. I was just like, who is talking?
You know? But like it went viral and I was, and I just leaned into, it was like,
Hey, anytime, any place let's go. And I waited, waited and then yeah,
nothing happened. Yana made wait. I was like, <laugh> yeah.
I heard that she wasn't making wait.
Either. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone was talking about it.
And then somehow somebody knew that my name was in the mix,
like Angela Hill might fill in for Michelle and instead
of fill in for Yana, like,
because she was like the name that was that they were promoting for the
fight, so right. So they wanted the former champ to get her fight.
So they were like, all right. If it comes down to it,
Angela will fighter at 1 25 5. Yeah. So I was pretty stoked. I mean,
I felt like, uh,
Yoanna does a lot of things and it's similar with my matchup that I have now
only she's a lot bigger. Yoanna does a lot of things that I've seen a lot of,
you know, in training, just like in my, in my first years of Moai,
like she has a very conventional style when it comes to
Moai. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, she's just very good at it.
So a fight with Yona is always something that I've wanted to have. Uh,
just because I felt like it, it would be something that I've seen before.
It would be like, I'm not gonna be, you know,
I'm not gonna be afraid of the clench, you know,
mm-hmm <affirmative> which she's really good at.
I'm not gonna be afraid of the clench.
I'm not gonna be afraid of when an elbow's gonna come because of elbow sparred,
like entire fight career. So it's like, it's like,
things that I see with her are less scary than a fight with someone that she's
beat before, like Andra or, or, uh, GA Delia or someone like that.
So we're gonna learn.
About her a lot, this coming fight, like what she's got left. Yeah. You know,
because that the transition 25 didn't really work out like shifts Chanco was
just a little too much for her.
Shechen had already beat her outside the UFC and beat her again. And then it,
she just didn't look like she had the firepower to keep her off her at 1 25
mm-hmm <affirmative> and then, so she goes down to 15 again,
but we know how hard it was for her to make 15 mm-hmm <affirmative> that's one
of the things that they had said her camp had said about her chin when, um,
when she fought rose, like she just couldn't take a shot. Mm.
It was because she was so depleted. Yeah. Yeah. So we'll find out,
cause whale hits hard. Yeah.
Yeah. And she's like, I don't know the Yonas so determined.
Like I feel like she'd kills self to make weight. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
you know, like she's just.
That kinda fight's career though. Yeah. You know, the long combat sports career,
when you know, and at a certain point in time, you gotta wonder like,
when that catches up to you or, you know,
one of the things that she was saying that she was in a real bad relationship
and there was a giant distraction and now she's done with that.
And that was a contributing factor to a lot of her lost.
So we're gonna find out because, you know, when you go back to like,
when she fought Jessica Panay, she was the scariest woman alive. Mm-hmm like,
she was ferocious. Yeah.
When she was the champ and she was lighting everybody on fire,
she was terrifying. Yeah. She was so aggressive. And so technical. Yeah.
She got that long.
Jab. She also had, uh,
a lot of fighters who aren't that technically sound sure and striking or at
least not confident what they're striking. Yeah. You know,
so when she did fight someone who was good, who could,
who was actually a better striker than her and rose,
like the fact that just the fact that rose could move laterally, you know,
like Yana was always like a back and forth fighter because that's like style of
very Mo Thai and rose, just moving to the side every now and then,
or having head movement. I think that really her up. And like,
it's hard when you, when you fight someone like that for the first time,
or even spar someone like that for the first time you can't find them, you know,
all your punches, miss you gas out,
you freaking out because you're missing your punches. Then you're getting nerd.
And it it's like a lot to deal with for a straightforward Mo Mo fighter.
So.